## PhaseFool-Demo
This is the demo repository of our paper `PhaseFool: Phase-oriented Audio Adversarial Examples via Energy Dissipation`. It contains some audio adversarial examples generated by different attack algorithms in our experiments, including:

1. C&W's attack in the `./cw` folder
2. IPC attack in the `./IPC` folder
3. Qin's attack in the `./imperceptible` folder
4. Our PhaseFool attack in the `./phasefool` folder
5. Our PhaseFool attack with l2 loss in the `./phasefool_noweight` folder
6. Our PhaseFool attack w/o constraint l2 loss in the `./phasefool_noconstraint` folder


### Abstract
Audio adversarial attacks design perturbations onto inputs that lead an automatic speech recognition (ASR) model to predict incorrect outputs. Current audio adversarial attacks optimize perturbations with different constraints (e.g. $l_p$-norm for waveform or the principle of auditory masking for magnitude spectrogram) to achieve their imperceptibility. Since phase is not relevant for speech recognition, the existing audio adversarial attacks neglect the influence of phase spectrogram. In this work, we propose a novel phase-oriented algorithm named PhaseFool that can efficiently construct imperceptible audio adversarial examples with energy dissipation. Specifically, we leverage the phase spectrogram and the spectrogram consistency of short-time Fourier transform (STFT) to adversarially dissipate the energy that is crucial for ASR systems. Since the magnitude spectrogram plays a dominant role in human perception, the phase-oriented perturbations cause tiny auditory differences. Experimental results demonstrate that PhaseFool can inherently generate full-sentence imperceptible audio adversarial examples with 100% targeted success rate within 500 steps on average (9.24x speed-up over current state-of-the-art imperceptible counterparts), which is verified through a human study. Most importantly, our PhaseFool is the first to exploit the phase-oriented energy dissipation in the audio adversarial examples rather than add perturbations on the audio waveform like most previous works.

### Highlights
- We leverage the spectrogram consistency of STFT to construct phase-oriented audio adversarial examples, which make further steps towards imperceptibility and efficiency.
- We further investigate the relationship between phase perturbations and magnitude spectrogram, which is called energy dissipation. Instead of the common $l_{p}$ distance metrics or magnitude-oriented metrics based on the psychoacoustic principle, we propose a phase-oriented metric based on the phenomenon of energy dissipation.
- Further investigating properties of PhaseFool, we observe additional insights about the vulnerability of ASR systems. It brings a better interpretation of audio adversarial attacks, i.e. the perturbation positions reveal that which part of one magnitude spectrogram is important but also fragile for the corresponding ASR system. 


## Bug Report
Feel free to create an issue
